README.md, before:

#hackerrank
Contains my submission code for HackerRank challenges.

## algorithms
* ### warmup

    Python 2 code solutions for the following challenges:

        Solve Me First
        Simple Array Sum
        Compare the Triplets
        A Very Big Sum
        Diagonal Difference
        Plus Minus
        Staircase
        Mini Max Sum
        Birthday Cake Candles
        Time Conversion

* ### implementation

    Python 2 code solutions for the following challenges:

        Grading Students
        Apple and Orange
        Kangaroo

        Breaking the Records
        Birthday Chocolate
        Divisible Sum Pairs
        Migratory Birds
        Day of the Programmer
        Bon Appetit
        Sock Merchant
        Drawing Book
        Counting Valleys
        Electronics Shop
        Cats and a Mouse

        Picking Numbers

        The Hurdle Race
        Designer PDF Viewer
        Utopian Tree
        Angry Professor
        Beautiful Days at the Movies
        Viral Advertising
        Save the Prisoner!
        Circular Array Rotation

        Jumping on the Clouds: Revisited
        Find Digits
        Extra Long Factorials

        Sherlock and Squares

        Cut the Sticks

        Repeated String
        Jumping on the Clouds
        Equalize the Array

        ACM ICPC Team
        Taum and B'day

        Encryption

        Modified Kaprekar Numbers

        Minimum Distances
        The Time in Words
        Chocolate Feast
        Service Lane

* ### strings

    Python 2 code solutions for the following challenges:

        Super Reduced String
        CamelCase

        Caesar Cipher
        Mars Exploration
        HackerRank in a String!
        Pangrams
        Weighted Uniform Strings
        Separate the Numbers
        Funny Strings
        Gemstones
        Alternating Characters
        Beautiful Binary String
        The Love-Letter Mystery

        Palindrome Index
        Anagram
        Making Anagrams
        Game of Thrones - I
        Two Strings

* ### sorting

    Python 2 code solutions for the following challenges:


        Intro to Tutorial Challenges
        Insertion Sort - Part 1
        Insertion Sort - Part 2
        Correctness and the Loop Invariant
        Running Time of Algorithms
        Quicksort 1 - Partition
        Counting Sort 1
        Counting Sort 2
        The Full Counting Sort
        Closest Numbers

## java
* ### introduction

	Java code example solutions for the following challenges:

		Welcome to Java!
		Java Stdin and Stdout I
		Java If-Else
		Java Stdin and Stdout II

		Java Loops I
		Java Loops II
		Java Datatypes
		Java End-of-File
		Java Static Initializer Block
		Java Int to String

* ### strings

	Java code example solutions for the following challenges:

		Java Strings Introduction
		Java Substring

		Java String Reverse

## linux-shell
* ### bash

	Bash script example solutions for the following challenges:

		Looping and Skipping
		The World of Numbers
		Comparing Numbers
		Getting Started on Conditionals
		More on Conditionals
		Arithmetic Operations
		Compute the Average

* ### text-processing

	Bash script example solutions for the following challenges:

		Cut #1
		Cut #2
		Cut #3
		Cut #4
		Cut #5
		Cut #6
		Cut #7
		Cut #8
		Cut #9
		Head of a Text File #1
		Head of a Text File #2
		Middle of a Text File
		Tail of a Text File #1
		Tail of a Text File #2
		'Tr' Command #1
		'Tr' Command #2
		'Tr' Command #3
		Sort Command #1
		Sort Command #2
		Sort Command #3
		Sort Command #4
		Sort Command #5
		Sort Command #6
		Sort Command #7
		Uniq Command #1
		Uniq Command #2
		Uniq Command #3
		Uniq Command #4
		Paste - 1
		Paste - 2
		Paste - 3
		Paste - 4

* ### arrays-in-bash

	Bash script example solutions for the following challenges:

		Read in an Array
		Slice an Array

		Concatenate an Array with Itself
		Display an Element of an Array
		Count the Number of Elements in an Array

## python
* ### introduction

	Python programs for the following challenges:

		Say "Hello, World!" With Python
		Reading Raw Input
		Python If-Else
		Arithmetic Operators
		Python: Division
		Loops
		Write a Function
		Print Function

* ### basic-data-types

	Python programs for the following challenges:

		Lists
		Tuples

## regex
* ### introduction

	Java code sample solutions for the following challenges:

		Matching Specific String
		Matching Anything But a Newline
		Matching Digits & Non-Digit Characters
		Matching Whitespace & Non-Whitespace Character
		Matching Word & Non-Word Character
		Matching Start & End

* ### character-class

	Java code sample solutions for the following challenges:

		Matching Specific Characters
		Excluding Specific Characters
		Matching Character Ranges

* ### repetitions

	Java code sample solutions for the following challenges:

		Matching {x} Repetitions
		Matching {x,y} Repetitions
		Matching Zero Or More Repetitions
		Matching One Or More Repetitions
		Matching Ending Items

* ### grouping-and-capturing

	Java code sample solutions for the following challenges:

		Matching Word Boundaries
		Capturing & Non-Capturing Groups
		Alternative Matching

* ### backreferences

	Java and PHP code sample solutions for the following challenges:

		Matching Same Text Again & Again
		Backreferences To Failed Groups
		Branch Reset Groups
		Forward References

* ### assertions

	PHP code sample solutions for the following challenges:

		Positive Lookahead
		Negative Lookahead
		Positive Lookbehind
		Negative Lookbehind

* ### applications

Commit message:

Complete Ice Cream Parlor challenge
Skipped a number of challenges

README.md, after:

#hackerrank
Contains my submission code for HackerRank challenges.

## algorithms
* ### warmup

    Python 2 code solutions for the following challenges:

        Solve Me First
        Simple Array Sum
        Compare the Triplets
        A Very Big Sum
        Diagonal Difference
        Plus Minus
        Staircase
        Mini Max Sum
        Birthday Cake Candles
        Time Conversion

* ### implementation

    Python 2 code solutions for the following challenges:

        Grading Students
        Apple and Orange
        Kangaroo

        Breaking the Records
        Birthday Chocolate
        Divisible Sum Pairs
        Migratory Birds
        Day of the Programmer
        Bon Appetit
        Sock Merchant
        Drawing Book
        Counting Valleys
        Electronics Shop
        Cats and a Mouse

        Picking Numbers

        The Hurdle Race
        Designer PDF Viewer
        Utopian Tree
        Angry Professor
        Beautiful Days at the Movies
        Viral Advertising
        Save the Prisoner!
        Circular Array Rotation

        Jumping on the Clouds: Revisited
        Find Digits
        Extra Long Factorials

        Sherlock and Squares

        Cut the Sticks

        Repeated String
        Jumping on the Clouds
        Equalize the Array

        ACM ICPC Team
        Taum and B'day

        Encryption

        Modified Kaprekar Numbers

        Minimum Distances
        The Time in Words
        Chocolate Feast
        Service Lane

* ### strings

    Python 2 code solutions for the following challenges:

        Super Reduced String
        CamelCase

        Caesar Cipher
        Mars Exploration
        HackerRank in a String!
        Pangrams
        Weighted Uniform Strings
        Separate the Numbers
        Funny Strings
        Gemstones
        Alternating Characters
        Beautiful Binary String
        The Love-Letter Mystery

        Palindrome Index
        Anagram
        Making Anagrams
        Game of Thrones - I
        Two Strings

* ### sorting

    Python 2 code solutions for the following challenges:


        Intro to Tutorial Challenges
        Insertion Sort - Part 1
        Insertion Sort - Part 2
        Correctness and the Loop Invariant
        Running Time of Algorithms
        Quicksort 1 - Partition
        Counting Sort 1
        Counting Sort 2
        The Full Counting Sort
        Closest Numbers

* ### search

    Python 2 code solutions for the following challenges:



        Ice Cream Parlor

## java
* ### introduction

	Java code example solutions for the following challenges:

		Welcome to Java!
		Java Stdin and Stdout I
		Java If-Else
		Java Stdin and Stdout II

		Java Loops I
		Java Loops II
		Java Datatypes
		Java End-of-File
		Java Static Initializer Block
		Java Int to String

* ### strings

	Java code example solutions for the following challenges:

		Java Strings Introduction
		Java Substring

		Java String Reverse

## linux-shell
* ### bash

	Bash script example solutions for the following challenges:

		Looping and Skipping
		The World of Numbers
		Comparing Numbers
		Getting Started on Conditionals
		More on Conditionals
		Arithmetic Operations
		Compute the Average

* ### text-processing

	Bash script example solutions for the following challenges:

		Cut #1
		Cut #2
		Cut #3
		Cut #4
		Cut #5
		Cut #6
		Cut #7
		Cut #8
		Cut #9
		Head of a Text File #1
		Head of a Text File #2
		Middle of a Text File
		Tail of a Text File #1
		Tail of a Text File #2
		'Tr' Command #1
		'Tr' Command #2
		'Tr' Command #3
		Sort Command #1
		Sort Command #2
		Sort Command #3
		Sort Command #4
		Sort Command #5
		Sort Command #6
		Sort Command #7
		Uniq Command #1
		Uniq Command #2
		Uniq Command #3
		Uniq Command #4
		Paste - 1
		Paste - 2
		Paste - 3
		Paste - 4

* ### arrays-in-bash

	Bash script example solutions for the following challenges:

		Read in an Array
		Slice an Array

		Concatenate an Array with Itself
		Display an Element of an Array
		Count the Number of Elements in an Array

## python
* ### introduction

	Python programs for the following challenges:

		Say "Hello, World!" With Python
		Reading Raw Input
		Python If-Else
		Arithmetic Operators
		Python: Division
		Loops
		Write a Function
		Print Function

* ### basic-data-types

	Python programs for the following challenges:

		Lists
		Tuples

## regex
* ### introduction

	Java code sample solutions for the following challenges:

		Matching Specific String
		Matching Anything But a Newline
		Matching Digits & Non-Digit Characters
		Matching Whitespace & Non-Whitespace Character
		Matching Word & Non-Word Character
		Matching Start & End

* ### character-class

	Java code sample solutions for the following challenges:

		Matching Specific Characters
		Excluding Specific Characters
		Matching Character Ranges

* ### repetitions

	Java code sample solutions for the following challenges:

		Matching {x} Repetitions
		Matching {x,y} Repetitions
		Matching Zero Or More Repetitions
		Matching One Or More Repetitions
		Matching Ending Items

* ### grouping-and-capturing

	Java code sample solutions for the following challenges:

		Matching Word Boundaries
		Capturing & Non-Capturing Groups
		Alternative Matching

* ### backreferences

	Java and PHP code sample solutions for the following challenges:

		Matching Same Text Again & Again
		Backreferences To Failed Groups
		Branch Reset Groups
		Forward References

* ### assertions

	PHP code sample solutions for the following challenges:

		Positive Lookahead
		Negative Lookahead
		Positive Lookbehind
		Negative Lookbehind

* ### applications
